Amazon Fulfillment Center Warehouse AssociateJob Overview Youll be part of the Amazon warehouse team that gets orders ready for customers relying on Amazon services. Our fast-paced, physical roles take place in a variety of areas including merch, make-on-demand, customer returns, Prime Now, and general fulfillment. You will be selecting, packing, and shipping orders in some cases, for our super-fast (2-hour or less) delivery service.Duties & Responsibilities Some of your duties may include: Receive and put away inventory Get customer orders ready and pack them up Load boxes into trucks for shipment Use scanners to read bar codes on products View prompts on screens and follow the direction for some tasks Troubleshoot problems Ensure product meets quality requirements Operate power industrial trucks (PIT) such as a forklift or pallet driver, and work at heights up to 35 feet. Equipment training and certification are provided free of cost. You'll also need to be able to: Lift up to 49 pounds Push utility carts up to 60 pounds Stand, walk, push, pull, squat, bend, and reach during shifts Use carts, dollies, hand trucks, and other gear to move items around Go up and down stairs (where applicable) Work at a height of up to 40 feet on a mezzanine (where applicable) Adhere to strict safety, quality, and fulfillment production standards What it's like at an Amazon Fulfillment Center Safety. Your safety is important to us, so we provide protective gear. All teams share safety tips daily. Surroundings. Youll be working around moving machines order pickers, stand-up forklifts, turret trucks, and mobile carts. Activity. Some activities may require standing in one place for long periods, walking around, or climbing stairs. Temperature. Even with climate controls, temperatures can vary between 60F and 90F in some parts of the warehouse; on hot days, temperatures can be over 90F in the truck yard or inside trailers. Noise level. It can get noisy at times. We provide hearing protection if you need it. Dress code. Relaxed, with a few rules to follow for safety. Comfortable, closed-toe shoes are required. Depending on the role or location, Amazon provides a $110 Zappos gift code towards the purchase of shoes, in order to have you prepared for your first day on the job. Why Youll Love this Job Stay busy. You and your team are engaged the entire shift. Schedule options. Full-time (40 hours), reduced-time (30-36 hours) or part-time (20 hours), depending on location. Flexible shifts. Work when it works for you including overnight, early mornings, day, evenings, and weekends. You can even have four-day work weeks, three-day weekends. Career advancement. We have made a pledge to upskill our employees and offer a variety of free training and development programs, and we also have tuition reimbursement options for select employee groups. See where your Amazon journey can take you. New skills. Depending on the role and location, youll learn: how to operate a garment press and high-capacity printer, a t-shirt folding machine, how to assist with the print production process, or how to receive and process customer returns. Free training. Depending on the role and location, well teach you how to drive power industrial trucks (PIT) such as forklifts or a pallet driver, how the printing process works, and how to work with the latest Amazon technology including robots. Team environment. Work on small or large teams that support each other. Why You'll Love Amazon Many of our jobs come with great benefits including healthcare, parental leave, ways to save for the future, and opportunities for career advancement all in a safe and inclusive environment thats been ranked among the best workplaces in the world. Some offerings are dependent upon the role, work schedule, or location, and can include the following: Competitive wage paid weekly, with overtime for more than 40 hours Healthcare (medical, dental, vision, prescription drugs) Medical Advice Line Network of Support (health & well-being on and off the job) Adoption Assistance Maternity and Parental Leave 401(k) savings plan Paid Time Off (PTO) Holiday pay opportunities Employee discounts Basic life insurance AD&D insurance Company-paid Short-Term and Long-Term Disability On-the-job training and skills development Employee Assistance Program Tuition reimbursement Learn more about Amazon Benefits and Culturehttps://hiring.amazon.com/why-amazon/benefits#/https://hiring.amazon.com/why-amazon/culture#/Requirements: Candidates must be 18 years or older with the ability to understand and adhere to all job requirements and safety guidelines. Basic Qualifications: High School, GED, or equivalent diploma How To Get Started You can begin by applying below. If you need help with your application or to learn more about our hiring process, you can find support here: https://hiring.amazon.com/hiring-process#/. Amazon remains open as an essential business to serve our communities delivering critical supplies directly to the doorsteps of people who need them. Find out what Amazon is doing to provide a safe environment for employees at this time on our COVID-19 FAQ page. Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://hiring.amazon.com/people-with-disabilities#/.